in that day a fountain shall be opened
for the house of David and for the
inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for
uncleanness it shall be in that day says
the Lord of Hosts that I will cut off
the names of the idols from the land and
they shall no longer be remembered
I will also cause the prophets and the
unclean spirit to depart from the land
it shall come to pass that if anyone
still prophesize then his father and
mother who begat him will say to him you
shall not live because you have spoken
lies in the name of the Lord and his
father and mother who begat him shall
thrust him through when he prophesies
and it shall be in that day that every
prophet will be ashamed of his vision
when he promises they will not wear a
robe of coarse hair to deceive but he
will say I am no prophet I am a farm for
a man taught me to keep cattle from my
ewes and one will say to him what are
these wounds between your arms then he
will answer those with which I was
wounded in the house of my friends awake
o sword against my shepherd against the
man who is my companion says the Lord of
hosts strike the Shepherd and the sheep
will be scattered then I will turn my
hand against the little ones and it
shall come to pass in all the land that
2/3 in it shall be cut off and die but
one-third shall be left in it
I will bring the 1/3 through the fire
will refine them as silver is refined
and test them as gold is tested they
will call on my name and I will answer
them I will say
this is my people and each one will say
the Lord is my god